Ncsdk 3177 fota docs (#1376)
NordicPlayground/fw-nrfconnect-nrf: include/dfu/dfu_target.rst

MCUboot style upgrades
======================

This type of firmware upgrade can be used for application updates and updates to the upgradable bootloader.
It writes the data given to the :cpp:func:`dfu_target_write` function into the secondary slot specified by MCUboot's flash partitions.

.. note::
   For bootloader upgrades, the new firmware will be placed in one of two locations (slot 0 or slot 1) as described in :ref:`upgradable_bootloader`.
   Therefore, the image that you provide to the library must contain two variants, one compiled against each location.
   If you use :doc:`mcuboot:index` to create the image, the generated zip file has the correct format.

> When the complete transfer is done, call the :cpp:func:`dfu_target_done` function to copy the image to the corresponding partition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the complete transfer is done, call the :cpp:func:`dfu_target_done` function to finalize the upgrade procedure.
```

No data is being copied when `dfu_target_done` is called. The underlying targets will perform any steps necessary to mark the update candidate as "perform this update".

For application updates, the new image replaces the existing application.

> For bootloader updates, the library checks which of the bootloader partitions is currently used and copies the suitable variant of the new image to the other bootloader partition.

Reviewer: This is incorrect.

The library will check the variant before selecting which of the two files to download.
The dfu_target library does not see in any way that there are two variants of the mcuboot  update.
This is handled by the library calling in to this library (fota download).

> After copying, the library marks the firmware as ready to be booted.

Reviewer: The copying is done "inline" while the data is downloaded.
